Ladies and gentlemen, this banquet today
It was specially to thank Mr. Xu
Healed my wife
This is the duty of a doctor
You're welcome to be bare-handed, Mr. Xu
Okay, but you still dare to show up
Give me my money back
Look, mom, what are you doing?
You just yelled at me
Kexin, what are you doing?
Who are you?
How dare you shout at my party
This is the provincial capital medicine king Zhao Yunlong
A little test hand is a fart
Mr. Zhao brought the Dragon God position
If any of you are yelling here
Mr. Zhao's divine dragon position is not long-eyed
You are Zhao Yunlong
You also brought the Dragon God
I know, go away
Xu Wenjie
Do you know why I'm here today?
Of course I do.
To die